Support the CUDA Array Interface (#270)
inducer/pycuda: doc/source/tutorial.rst

  func(numpy.intp(do2_ptr), block = (32, 1, 1), grid=(1, 1))
  print("doubled second only", array1, array2, "\n")

Interoperability With Other Libraries Using The CUDA Array Interface
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Kernel calls can be passed arrays from other CUDA libraries that support the
`CUDA Array Interface
<https://numba.readthedocs.io/en/stable/cuda/cuda_array_interface.html>`_. For
example, to double a `CuPy <https://docs.cupy.dev/en/stable/>`_ array::

  import cupy as cp

  cupy_a = cp.random.randn(4, 4).astype(cp.float32)
  func = mod.get_function("double_array")
  func(cupy_a, block=(4, 4, 1), grid=(1, 1))

> PyCUDA GPU Arrays implement the CUDA Array Interface, so they can be passed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`~pycuda.gpuarray.GPUArray` implements the CUDA Array Interface, so they can be passed
```

Author: Reference added.

  func(numpy.intp(do2_ptr), block = (32, 1, 1), grid=(1, 1))
  print("doubled second only", array1, array2, "\n")

Interoperability With Other Libraries Using The CUDA Array Interface
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Kernel calls can be passed arrays from other CUDA libraries that support the
`CUDA Array Interface

> <https://numba.readthedocs.io/en/stable/cuda/cuda_array_interface.html>`_. For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<https://numba.readthedocs.io/en/stable/cuda/cuda_array_interface.html>`__. For
```
